if you were 99 years old and on your
deathbed and you had a chance to come
back to today what would you do right
now
my name is Thomas and this is Matt amar
and Darren we grew up in four corners of
the world but in the summer of 2015 we
all met by total coincidence and bonded
over a shared desire to do something
different with our lives we have much to
start with a camera a couch in a
one-bedroom apartment in Montreal Canada
and the simple realization that the
times we leave our comfort zones and the
times we grow the most after six months
of making videos on YouTube we got the
opportunity to spread our message to
millions by releasing our videos on
brother and new snapchat discover
channel we've now got a new home base
for our adventures in Venice Beach
California a boy is getting started
welcome
tes theory where every week we seek new
experiences to say yes to and find the
people that share our philosophy along
the way subscribe to follow our journey
around the world but beware our outlook
on life can be very contagious
see